<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>3.6.1 Quiz - Answers</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="css/epub.css" />
</head>
<body>
<section class="sect2">
    <h4 id="ch03_6_1_h" class="title">3.6.1 Quiz - Answers</h4>
    <ol class="quiz">
        <li><p>Answer "a" is correct. When assigning a list to a property, a copy is created, resulting in a maintained list. Changes to the original list will not reflect in the maintained list.</p></li>
        <li><p>A copy of list <code class="inline">A</code> will be created as a tuple. Since the nested tuple is immutable, you cannot modify its contents after creation.</p></li>
        <li><p>Answer "d" is correct. The code does not contain a maintained list as only variables are used and nothing is assigned to a thing. Nested lists are always converted to tuples and are accessed by reference when assigned to a variable.</p></li>
        <li><p>The correct answer is "f". ThingsDB supports all the listed techniques for iterating over lists and tuples. Each method serves a distinct purpose, and the <code class="inline">for</code>-loop proves particularly valuable when you need to utilize the <code class="inline">break</code> keyword to prematurely terminate the iteration.</p></li>
        <li><p>The result is 21. The function call <code class="inline">range(2, 5)</code> produces the list <code class="inline">[2, 3, 4]</code> and the reduce method uses a closure which adds the index multiplied by the number to a total with a start value of 10. The result is <code class="inline">10 + 0*2 + 1*3 + 2*4 = 10 + 0 + 3 + 8 = 21</code>.</p></li>
        <li><p>While you could use a <code class="inline">for</code>-loop or the <code class="inline">reduce()</code> method to achieve this, ThingsDB provides a dedicated method called <code class="inline">flat()</code> that simplifies this process:</p>
            <p class="quizcode"><code class="inline">input.flat();</code></p>
            <p><em>(see <a href="https://docs.thingsdb.io/v1/data-types/list/flat/">https://docs.thingsdb.io/v1/data-types/list/flat/</a>)</em></p>
        </li>
    </ol>
</section>
</body>
</html>
