<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>10.5 Quiz - Challenge Your Understanding</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="css/epub.css" />
</head>
<body>
<section class="sect1">
    <h3 id="ch10_5_h" class="title">10.5 Quiz - Challenge Your Understanding</h3>
    <ol class="quiz">
        <li><p>Both type <code class="inline">A</code> and <code class="inline">B</code> have an <code class="inline">email</code> property.
            On type <code class="inline">A</code> the property is defined as <code class="inline">"email?"</code>. In which
            scenario will the <code class="inline">email</code> property appear in the response when an instance of
            type <code class="inline">A</code> is wrapped with type <code class="inline">B</code>?</p>
            <p>Choose the correct definition(s) for the <code class="inline">email</code> property in type <code class="inline">B</code>:</p>
            <ol>
                <li><code class="inline">"any"</code></li>
                <li><code class="inline">"str"</code></li>
                <li><code class="inline">"str?</code></li>
                <li><code class="inline">"email"</code></li>
            </ol>
        </li>
        <li><p>Consider the following code snippet:</p>
            <p class="quizcode"><code class="inline">new_type("T", true, true);</code></p>
            <p>What do the two boolean arguments in the provided <code class="inline">new_type()</code> function call signify?</p>
            <ol>
                <li>The first <code class="inline">true</code> activates wrap-only mode, the second activates the hide-ID flag.</li>
                <li>The first <code class="inline">true</code> activates wrap-only mode, the second activates the show-ID flag.</li>
                <li>The first <code class="inline">true</code> activates the hide-ID flag, the second activates wrap-only mode.</li>
                <li>The first <code class="inline">true</code> activates the show-ID flag, the second activates wrap-only mode.</li>
            </ol>
        </li>
        <li><p>Wrap-only types empower you to define properties or methods. What purpose do methods serve in this context?</p></li>
        <li><p>Imagine you have a variable <code class="inline">people</code> holding a list of things of
            type <code class="inline">Person</code>. Your task is to return this list with each <code class="inline">Person</code>
            instance transformed and represented using the <code class="inline">_Person</code> wrap-only type. Write the most concise and efficient statement possible to achieve this transformation.</p></li>
        <li><p>Imagine you're creating a wrap-only type to transform existing instances of the <code class="inline">Person</code> type. Which of the following names are valid for your new wrap-only type?</p>
            <ol>
                <li><code class="inline">Beer</code></li>
                <li><code class="inline">_Person</code></li>
                <li><code class="inline">person</code></li>
                <li><code class="inline">_PersonCompact</code></li>
                <li><em>all of the above</em></li>
            </ol>
        </li>
        <li><p>What happens when a <em>computed property</em> encounters an error during its calculation? Choose the correct answer:</p>
            <ol>
                <li>It throws an exception that needs to be handled elsewhere.</li>
                <li>It silently returns a default value like <code class="inline">nil</code>.</li>
                <li>It adds the property with a string value containing the error message.</li>
                <li>It continues with the calculation, potentially leading to unexpected results.</li>
            </ol>
        </li>
    </ol>
</section>
</body>
</html>