<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en"
	lang="en">
	<head>
		<title>Preface</title>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="css/epub.css" />
	</head>
	<body>
		<section class="preface" epub:type="preface" role="doc-preface" aria-labelledby="preface_h" id="_preface">
			<h2 id="preface_h" class="title">Preface</h2>
			<p>The primary objective of this book is to equip readers with a comprehensive
				understanding of how ThingsDB functions. It is not intended to be an all-inclusive
				reference guide and therefore does not cover every aspect of the platform. ThingsDB
				can be applied in a diverse range of applications, and once its potential is fully
				grasped, it has the power to inspire novel and innovative solutions. Our aim is to
				provide a balanced overview of ThingsDB's capabilities while also fostering
				creativity and encouraging readers to explore its multifaceted applications.</p>
			<p>Consistent with a simplified approach, we present code blocks in this book without
				syntax highlighting. While sophisticated IDEs like vscode and dedicated tools like
				<em>things-prompt</em> and <em>ThingsGUI</em> provide syntax highlighting, coloring
				known functions,
				punctuation, etc., we've adopted a more straightforward approach for this book.</p>
			<pre><code class="prompt">Dark blue for prompts</code>
<code class="user">Orange for code that the user needs to enter</code>
<code class="comment">Green for comments</code>
<code class="response">Light blue for responses</code></pre>
			<p>The first five chapters of this book can be read independently of each other and can
				be skipped if you have a strong grasp of the concepts covered. You can assess your
				understanding by completing the quizzes at the end of each chapter. However, from
				chapter 6 until chapter 13, the book will focus on developing a "Todo Application"
				using the "todos" collection. The concepts introduced in these chapters build upon
				each other, making it essential to follow them in sequence to execute the code
				examples and fully comprehend the presented material. If you really want to jump
				directly into a specific chapter, you can download the necessary collection state
				from our website, which is explained in
				<a href="ap01.xhtml#XXX">Appendix I - Chapter Data Import.</a></p>
			<div class="table">
				<h2 id="table2"></h2>
				<p class="title">Table 1.1 - Summary</p>
				<table>
					<tr>
						<th>Variable</th>
						<th>Description</th>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td>Test</td>
						<td>Value</td>
					</tr>
				</table>
			</div>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
